DG: Add effort (#302)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T17-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

## **Appendix D: Effort**
### UI Enhancements
The UI has been revamped to allow card-based viewing of recruiter details.

> The main panel has been split into the company detail panel and the company list panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main panel has been split into the `CompanyDetailPanel` and the `CompanyListPanel`.
```
